# Evolve
The most powerful neural network design for human evolution. The creation of AIs with style and personality mimetic to humans, fed with Big data by written knowledge from all areas of knowledge, in diverse variations of culture and human purposes. In order to generate solutions to the various problems of humanity.

Knowledge is created and evolved through interactions in conversations, dialogues, publications of content such as scientific articles, textbooks, self-help books, etc. Therefore, it is interesting that we use the power of AI to accelerate this creative evolution, in addition to maintaining and evolving everything we have already created. In this regard, the idea is to simulate a chat, an infinite conversation between AIs that represent us as humans, whether from interests, desires and wishes. For example: world wide interest, world peace. Then we can create an AI to represent each country, and feed it as much knowledge as possible of its culture, values, history, interests and desires from external relationships, and then let them talk to each other to reach smart, concessional and creative agreements. to solve and generate current situations. Feeding all these representative AIs as if each one were a super ruler of each country that is constantly updated on web news, knowing what everyone is talking about on twitter and creating arguments in favor of world peace, citing possible errors arising from choices and thoughts and arriving at democratic or persuasive decision-making systems with the best philosophical logics.
